accept                   accepted
add                      added
admire                   admired
admit                    admitted
advise                   advised
afford                   afforded
agree                    agreed
alert                    alerted
allow                    allowed
amuse                    amused
announce                 announced
annoy                    annoyed
answer                   answered
applaud                  applauded
appreciate               appreciated
approve                  approved
arrive                   arrived
ask                      asked
attempt                  attempted
attend                   attended
avoid                    avoided
bake                     baked
bang                     banged
bat                      batted
bathe                    bathed
battle                   battled
beam                     beamed
beg                      begged
behave                   behaved
belong                   belonged
bleach                   bleached
blind                    blinded
blink                    blinked
blot                     blotted
blush                    blushed
boast                    boasted
boil                     boiled
bolt                     bolted
bomb                     bombed
book                     booked
bore                     bored
bounce                   bounced
brake                    braked
branch                   branched
buzz                     buzzed
calculate                calculated
call                     called
camp                     camped
carry                    carried
carve                    carved
choke                    choked
collect                  collected
command                  commanded
communicate              communicated
compare                  compared
compete                  competed
complain                 complained
concentrate              concentrated
confess                  confessed
confuse                  confused
connect                  connected
consider                 considered
consist                  consisted
contain                  contained
continue                 continued
cough                    coughed
count                    counted
cover                    covered
crash                    crashed
crawl                    crawled
cross                    crossed
curl                     curled
curve                    curved
damage                   damaged
delay                    delayed
delight                  delighted
deliver                  delivered
depend                   depended
describe                 described
desert                   deserted
deserve                  deserved
destroy                  destroyed
develop                  developed
disagree                 disagreed
disappear                disappeared
discover                 discovered
dislike                  disliked
divide                   divided
double                   doubled
doubt                    doubted
drag                     dragged
drain                    drained
dress                    dressed
drip                     dripped
drop                     dropped
earn                     earned
educate                  educated
employ                   employed
end                      ended
enjoy                    enjoyed
entertain                entertained
escape                   escaped
examine                  examined
excuse                   excused
explain                  explained
explode                  exploded
extend                   extended
face                     faced
fade                     faded
fail                     failed
fear                     feared
fetch                    fetched
fix                      fixed
flash                    flashed
flap                     flapped
flood                    flooded
fold                     folded
flower                   flowered
fool                     fooled
force                    forced
form                     formed
found                    founded
frame                    framed
frighten                 frightened
gather                   gathered
gaze                     gazed
glue                     glued
grab                     grabbed
grate                    grated
grease                   greased
grin                     grinned
groan                    groaned
guard                    guarded
guess                    guessed
guide                    guided
hammer                   hammered
hand                     handed
handle                   handled
happen                   happened
harm                     harmed
heat                     heated
help                     helped
hug                      hugged
hum                      hummed
hunt                     hunted
ignore                   ignored
imagine                  imagined
impress                  impressed
improve                  improved
include                  included
increase                 increased
influence                influenced
inform                   informed
instruct                 instructed
intend                   intended
interest                 interested
invent                   invented
irritate                 irritated
jog                      jogged
join                     joined
joke                     joked
judge                    judged
juggle                   juggled
jump                     jumped
kick                     kicked
kiss                     kissed
love                     loved
manage                   managed
march                    marched
mark                     marked
match                    matched
measure                  measured
meddle                   meddled
mend                     mended
mine                     mined
miss                     missed
mix                      mixed
move                     moved
muddle                   muddled
nail                     nailed
name                     named
need                     needed
nest                     nested
nod                      nodded
notice                   noticed
number                   numbered
object                   objected
observe                  observed
obtain                   obtained
occur                    occurred
offend                   offended
offer                    offered
open                     opened
owe                      owed
own                      owned
pack                     packed
pass                     passed
peep                     peeped
perform                  performed
permit                   permitted
phone                    phoned
pine                     pined
place                    placed
plan                     planned
plant                    planted
play                     played
please                   pleased
plug                     plugged
point                    pointed
poke                     poked
polish                   polished
pop                      popped
pray                     prayed
preach                   preached
precede                  preceded
press                    pressed
pretend                  pretended
prevent                  prevented
prick                    pricked
print                    printed
produce                  produced
program                  programmed
promise                  promised
provide                  provided
pull                     pulled
pump                     pumped
punish                   punished
push                     pushed
question                 questioned
race                     raced
radiate                  radiated
receive                  received
record                   recorded
reflect                  reflected
refuse                   refused
regret                   regretted
remain                   remained
remember                 remembered
remind                   reminded
remove                   removed
report                   reported
reproduce                reproduced
request                  requested
retire                   retired
reduce                   reduced
rhyme                    rhymed
rob                      robbed
rock                     rocked
roll                     rolled
rub                      rubbed
ruin                     ruined
rule                     ruled
rush                     rushed
sail                     sailed
satisfy                  satisfied
save                     saved
scratch                  scratched
scream                   screamed
serve                    served
settle                   settled
shade                    shaded
shave                    shaved
shelter                  sheltered
shiver                   shivered
shock                    shocked
shop                     shopped
shrug                    shrugged
sigh                     sighed
sign                     signed
sip                      sipped
ski                      skied
skip                     skipped
slow                     slowed
smash                    smashed
smoke                    smoked
snatch                   snatched
sneeze                   sneezed
sniff                    sniffed
snore                    snored
snow                     snowed
soothe                   soothed
sound                    sounded
spray                    sprayed
sprout                   sprouted
squeeze                  squeezed
stain                    stained
stamp                    stamped
stare                    stared
start                    started
stay                     stayed
steer                    steered
step                     stepped
stir                     stirred
snitch                   snitched
squeeze                  squeezed
stop                     stopped
store                    stored
strap                    strapped
stroke                   stroked
stuff                    stuffed
subtract                 subtracted
suck                     sucked
suffer                   suffered
suit                     suited
support                  supported
surprise                 surprised
surround                 surrounded
suspect                  suspected
suspend                  suspended
switch                   switched
talk                     talked
tame                     tamed
tap                      tapped
telephone                telephoned
tempt                    tempted
test                     tested
thank                    thanked
thaw                     thawed
tick                     ticked
tickle                   tickled
tie                      tied
time                     timed
tip                      tipped
touch                    touched
tour                     toured
tow                      towed
trace                    traced
trade                    traded
train                    trained
transport                transported
trap                     trapped
travel                   traveled
treat                    treated
tremble                  trembled
trick                    tricked
trip                     tripped
trot                     trotted
trouble                  troubled
trust                    trusted
tug                      tugged
tumble                   tumbled
turn                     turned
twist                    twisted
type                     typed
undress                  undressed
unfasten                 unfastened
unite                    united
unpack                   unpacked
use                      used
vanish                   vanished
visit                    visited
wail                     wailed
wait                     waited
walk                     walked
wander                   wandered
waste                    wasted
watch                    watched
water                    watered
whine                    whined
wave                     waved
whip                     whipped
whirl                    whirled
wipe                     wiped
wish                     wished
wobble                   wobbled
wonder                   wondered
work                     worked
worry                    worried
wrap                     wrapped
wreck                    wrecked
wrestle                  wrestled
x-ray                    x-rayed
yawn                     yawned
yell                     yelled
zip                      zipped
zoom                     zoomed
